Improve AuthorizationCode docs (#227)
LeleDerGrasshalmi/FortniteEndpointsDocumentation: EpicGames/Web/Id/Auth/Redirect.md

> ## Id Web - Create Authorization Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Id Web - Redirect
```

URL: https://www.epicgames.com/id/api/redirect \
Method: GET \
Auth Required: Yes

## Query Parameters

> `clientId`: The ID of the Client that the Authorization Code should be issued for <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clientId`: The id of the client you are redirecting to <br/>
```

`responseType`: The responseType you want to use (for non-EOS Clients: `code`, `eula_token` for EOS Clients: `code`) <br/>
`provider`: (optional) The external account provider (ex. psn, nintendo, ps5, xbox, vk, apple, lego) <br/>
`state`: (optional) The login state obtained from [here](../CreateOAuthState.md) <br/>
`userCode`: (optional) A valid [User Code](../../../AccountService/Authentication/DeviceCode/Create.md) <br/>
`continuation`: (optional) A valid Continuation Token <br/>
`exchangeCode`: (optional), a valid exchange code (the usage is unknown) <br/>
`codeChallenge`: (optional), a PKCE code challenge <br/>
`codeChallengeMethod`: (optional), the method used to generate the code challenge (`S256` or `plain`) <br/>

> `nonce`: (optional) A valid [OpenID Nonce](https://curity.io/resources/learn/nonce-authenticator-pattern/#:~:text=The%20nonce%20authenticator%20pattern%20enables,session%20in%20the%20target%20application.&usg=AOvVaw2AvRUGFE9xV6e0C4-ifp_P&opi=89978449) <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nonce`: (optional) A random value used to associate a request to a token. This value is reflected inside of epic_id tokens and id tokens. <br/>
```

`scope`: (optional), A space seperated list of scopes <br/>
`eula`: (optional, deprecated), A valid eula ID (ex. `fn`, `tos`) <br/>
`prompt`: (optional), The redirect prompt, (ex. `none`, `login`, `new_session`, `register`, `consent`, `pass_through`, `2nd_domain`, `upgrade`)  <br/>

> `redirectUrl`: (optional), The URL to redirect t

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`redirectUrl`: (optional), The URL to redirect to
```
